Update mobile operator reference to 1.14 (#14758)
microsoft/onnxruntime: docs/install/index.md

## Install on web and mobile

> Unless stated otherwise, the installation instructions in this section refer to pre-built packages that include support for selected operators and ONNX opset versions based on the requirements of popular models. These packages may be referred to as "mobile packages". If you use mobile packages, your model must only use the supported [opsets and operators](../reference/operators/mobile_package_op_type_support_1.14.md).

Reviewer: maybe we should have a more stable link that contains links to the version-specific pages. then we don't need to keep updating this one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unless stated otherwise, the installation instructions in this section refer to pre-built packages that include support for selected operators and ONNX opset versions based on the requirements of popular models. These packages may be referred to as "mobile packages". If you use mobile packages, your model must only use the supported [opsets and operators](../reference/operators/MobileOps.md).
```
